docs/index.rst, before:

Exhale Companion
========================================================================================

.. contents:: Contents
   :local:
   :backlinks: none

Welcome to the companion website for `Exhale`_.  The purpose of this website is to give
a simple example of what your Library API could look like if you follow the
`start to finish directions <start_to_finish_>`_ to get things hosted on RTD.

.. _Exhale:          http://exhale.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
.. _start_to_finish: http://exhale.readthedocs.io/en/latest/usage.html#start-to-finish-for-read-the-docs

.. tip::

   The webpage you are viewing are using the |theme|.

This example repository has different versions built for you to get an idea of how
things might look.

.. include:: ../README.rst
   :start-after: begin_in_action
   :end-before:  end_in_action

Make sure to view the :ref:`extension_setup` and :ref:`html_theme_setup` for the
different versions, as they vary slightly (e.g., ``bootstrap`` gets more supplied in the
``exhale_args`` portion of ``conf.py``).

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   api/library_root
   how_created
   using_intersphinx

Commit message:

better verbiage on theme tip, include exhale version

docs/index.rst, after:

Exhale Companion
========================================================================================

Welcome to the companion website for `Exhale`_.  The purpose of this website is to give
a simple example of what your Library API could look like if you follow the
`start to finish directions <start_to_finish_>`_ to get things hosted on RTD.

.. _Exhale:          http://exhale.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
.. _start_to_finish: http://exhale.readthedocs.io/en/latest/usage.html#start-to-finish-for-read-the-docs

.. tip::

   The webpage you are viewing used the ``html_theme`` of |theme| in ``conf.py``.

.. note::

   This was built using Exhale version |version|.

This example repository has different versions built for you to get an idea of how
things might look.

.. include:: ../README.rst
   :start-after: begin_in_action
   :end-before:  end_in_action

Make sure to view the :ref:`extension_setup` and :ref:`html_theme_setup` for the
different versions, as they vary slightly (e.g., ``bootstrap`` gets more supplied in the
``exhale_args`` portion of ``conf.py``).

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   api/library_root
   how_created
   using_intersphinx
